  * Discussion chapter: How to write it in 6 steps
    * What is the discussion chapter about?
      * Interpret and explain meaning of th eanaliyss results
      * Results
        * Present and drescribe
      * Significance and implications of the findings
      * Youll explain how your findings help answer your reseach questions and aims.k
      * You0ll compre how your findings *compare* to existing studies/literature.
      * Explains what they mena  in relation to your reseach aims and research questions.
    * What goes into the discussion chapter
      * Analyse
      * Explore the meainng
      * Identify the importance/significance
      * Of the data your presented in the results chaper
      * Focus on te findins to the reseach aims and reseach questions.
      * Don't present any claims that are not rooted in data int he results chapter
    * How to write and structure and discussion chapter
      * 1. Restate your aims and RQ Research questions
        * Remind the reader of the research aims and RQ. Can mention the hypothesis if are available
        * Recearches will often read only the introduction and discussion chapters to get a feel for the study
      * 2. Summarize your key findings
        * The data suggest that...
        * The adata sppoonrt/opporst that ...
        * The analysis identifies X and Y as key factors...
      * 3. Interpret your results
        * Consider using a similar structure to your results chaper in your discussion chapter.
          * Improve readibility
        * You could also consider structuring the discussion by RQ or a theoretical framework
        * Plan an outline strucure before your start writing. Don't write without an outline.
        * Don't be afraid to discuss findings that contrast existing reseach/literature.
        * Things to discuss 
          * How do your results help anser your RQs?
          * how do your results compare to existing reseach?
          * Why might your results be different?
          * How does your study contribute to the field?
      * 4. Acknowledge the limitations of the study
        * Good reseach involves clearly identifung the limitations and shortcomings of the study
        * Provide a balanced discussion of both the limitations and the strength of your sstudy
      * 5. Make your recommedations
        * Practical applications(s) of your findings
          * Explain your suggestions clearly and practically to ensure comprehension
          * Feasible applications
        * 2. Seuggestion for further work.
          * How builnd on what you found and improveing the limitations of the srudy
          * Factors that you don't ocondiser

      * 6. Provide a concluding summary
        * Tell what your sttudy has found and what they need to take away from reading the report
        * The concluding summary should briefly highlight the key takeaways from the reader
    * Closing tips
      * 1. Aim for strong linkage between the intro chapter and discussion chapter
      * 2. Spell out your findings and their meaning clearly
      * 3. Take inspiration from other dissertations
      * 4. Avoid absolute terms or definitive language
      * 5. Use well-structured heading and paragraphs.
        * Chapter flow and coherents.
    * Why write a discuts 